Today is the elders' meeting of the Lin's consortium
Anyway.
The property that's going to take that little girl's braids away
Get it back
If he doesn't agree
Then we will give him a collective pressure palace
Be quiet, people are coming
Your eldest lady is here
What a beautiful day!
Standing with Evergreen is really talented and beautiful
It's a good match.
Three Senators
They are no longer from our temporary consortium.
I can still come today
Really mean
Of course!
All three of us have dedicated our lives to Lin
Be cautious with Lin
This person can't be wrong
Okay. Thanks for coming.
Remember to applaud later
Three elders rest assured
What you lost
I will definitely find a way to get it back for you.
I've got his soft spot.
What does he want? Hand it over
I will make him look good
As expected of my good nephew